 At Alppi, we not only prioritize the health and safety of your little ones but also strive to create diapers that are both innovative and convenient. We understand that when it comes to baby products, responsibility and reliability are of utmost importance.Just like how we make sure our diaper packaging is thoughtful and convenient, we've made our return and refund process just as hassle-free. For Returns We understand that finding the perfect fit for your little one can be a challenge. If the diaper size you purchased is inaccurate for your child, or if you're not completely satisfied and just simply change your mind, don't worry! You can easily return your diaper products within 30 days from the date of purchase. However, if the size you received is too big for your little one, there's no need to worry! From our experience, babies grow so quickly, and before you know it, they'll fit into the larger size, so we recommend that you keep it for future use. Before you send your return, please take a moment to inspect your order upon arrival. If you notice any defects, damages, or if you receive the wrong item, please contact us immediately. We want to make sure that we evaluate the issue and make it right for you. To be eligible for a return, please ensure that the item is unopened and unused. It should be in the same condition as when you received it. Additionally, the product must be in its original packaging and should not have been worn, damaged, cleaned, resized, or altered in any way. It's important to note that we cannot accept any returns that have not been requested in advance. To initiate a return, simply scroll down to visit our Return Center portal. Please include the following details to help us process your return efficiently: Receipt or proof of purchase An image of the product/items you are returning A brief description of why you are requesting a refund. Once we receive your request, our dedicated Alppi support team will promptly respond and inform you if your refund request has been approved. Instruction for Returning: Please package the products securely in the original packaging. Print out the return label provided and attach it to the return package, return label is valid for 15 days . Drop off the package to the nearest pickup point, and you are all set! *We highly recommend insuring your shipment to protect against loss or damage during transit. Most returns will be processed within 5-7 working days after we receive your package. However, the complete process for returning, reviewing and refunding might take up to 45 days. **Please note that a $15 logistics & handling fee will apply to returns. Products Eligibility for Return & Refund For more details, please visit our link below https://alppibaby.com/pages/return-refund-policy For Exchanges (IF APPLICABLE) We only replace items if they are defect or damaged. Feel free to send us an email at hello@alppibaby.com and we'll glad to help you. For Refunds (IF APPLICABLE) Once your return is received and inspected, we'll send you an email to notify you about the status of your refund. If approved, we'll process your refund back to your original form of payment within 5-10 working days. At Alppi, we strive to make your experience as smooth as a baby's skin, so feel free to reach out to us with any questions or concerns. We're here to keep both you and your little one happy! IMPORTANT NOTES **Please note that gifts and sales items are not eligible for refunds or exchanges. **Personal care items such as Wipes are not eligible for return & refund due to strictly hygiene and safety reasons   For more details, please visit our link below https://alppibaby.com/pages/return-refund-policy 