 Refund policy RETURNS We have a 30-day return policy, which means you have 30 days after receiving your item to request a return.  To be eligible for a return, your item must be in the same condition that you received it, unworn or unused, with tags, and in its original packaging. You’ll also need the receipt or proof of purchase. To start a return, you can contact us at support@mezely.com . Please note that returns will need to be sent to the following country: Poland   REFUNDS Unless otherwise stated on the product listing, refunds are only applicable on products that are defective or have been damaged, broken, or d e formed due to a manufacturing error, our error , or during the shipping process. Such items must be reported through our support team ( support@mezely.com) within 72 hours of delivery confirmation, including submission of images that show the defect or damage . Upon approval and at our option, we will issue a refund less shipping and handling fees or send a replacement item to you at our expense. Several types of goods are ineligible for store credit, exchange, or refunds, and are exempt from being returned (unless required by applicable law); these include: Charges for Shipping and Handling (see the SHIPPING section below); Just Pay Shipping Discounts ($0.00 + Shipping Fee); Services (Extended Guarantee, Priority Processing, etc.); Gift Cards and Downloadable Software Products; Mystery Surprise Boxes & Other Randomized, Surprise Products You agree to be solely responsible for any import duties and related customs fees associated with your order and understand that we do not offer any compensation for these fees. RETURN SHIPPING COST You will be responsible for paying for your shipping costs to return your item. For orders where you pay shipping and handling charges, these charges are non-refundable once your order has been submitted to our fulfillment partners for fulfillment(12-24 hours after we receive your order). If you receive a store credit, exchange, or refund, the cost of return shipping will be deducted from your refund. For orders where you qualify for a Free Shipping Promotion (where your order receives free shipping), you agree on the cost of outbound shipping and handling, and these amounts are not refundable or eligible for store credit or exchange value. Why do we have this policy? Shipping and fulfillment costs are one of the largest costs for any small business, and we incur these costs on every order that requires a physical product to be moved from our fulfillment partners’ warehouse to your delivery address. If you change your mind, and we receive the product back in re-sellable condition, we are not eligible to recoup the original costs for delivering the order to you from the carrier. European Union 14 day cooling off period Notwithstanding the above, if the merchandise is being shipped into the European Union, you have the right to cancel or return your order within 14 days, for any reason and without a justification. As above, your item must be in the same condition that you received it, unworn or unused, with tags, and in its original packaging. You’ll also need the receipt or proof of purchase.   LATE OR MISSING REFUNDS If you haven’t received a refund yet, be advised that depending on the method of payment you used, and the bank you use, refunds can take 5 to 7 business days to credit back to you. This is not within our control, as it falls within your financial institution's policies. If more than 7 business days have passed since you received a refund confirmation email from us, contact your financial institution for more information. If 10 business days have passed since we issued you a refund and you have contacted your bank with no resolution, contact our support email and we'll contact our payment processor to see if we can help you. 