 Worried about getting the wrong size? No Problem! Super Undies offers hassle-free returns. Here are the details…  Request your return within 14 days of receiving your order. Items must be in new, unused condition and free of smudges marks or household smells Acceptable returns choose from two options: Receive store credit to repurchase the necessary size, plus $5 added to your credit Receive a refund, less 15% restocking fee.  To submit a return request click here , and enter your order number, as well as zip code or email.  Return requests are handled manually and may take 1-3 business days for approval.  Shipping Options: You may choose to ship your items to use yourself. Please keep your tracking number in case of non-delivery. You may choose to use our label, which reduces your refund by $9.00, or we will provide you a free label if you choose to receive a credit or exchange. We will cover this cost as an incentive to choose reusable diapering options, and help save our planet :)  If your return request is approved then you receive an email with shipping instructions and a return shipping label. This label is good for 14 days after being issued. Once the label expires we must close the return window. After the product is returned, you receive your credit in the form of a gift card. Returned items must be in original like-new condition.  Items that are damaged, unsanitary, smell of household smells such as cooking oils or cigarettes will be returned to the customer.  Items not eligible for a refund include courses, inserts, shipping protection, and final sale items.  Why is there a restocking fee?  The cost of doing competitive business in America comes with all sorts of hidden expenses that we cover on your behalf, such as credit card processing fees, transportation fees, and subsidizing the shipping cost of your initial order. We value American labor, pay a fair wage and employ work-at-home moms to sew for us, even providing transpiration of goods to and from our home-based seamstresses. This allows us to employ woman who otherwise don't have transportation. We are proud to support moms in under-privileged areas with work they would not otherwise be ale to have, and as such, we are part of crafting the true American Dream for many families. The restocking fee helps cover the considerable efforts involved in our unique way of keeping jobs in America.  