 Returns We trust that you will be delighted with your purchase from My Carry Potty, but if you are not satisfied with your product for any reason, please send it back to us in the original packaging and we’ll be happy to refund or replace it.  In the rare occasion of goods being damaged or faulty, please call customer services on +44 (0)1202 763711 or email  customerservices@mycarrypotty.com.  My Little Training Pants cannot be returned (unless faulty)  due to hygiene reasons. Sizing information and measurement chart is provided at the point of sale. Your child’s body measurements should be used for ordering My Little Training Pants, NOT their age. Please refer to our size guide on the product page. We will be happy to assist with any sizing questions prior to purchase.  Please contact   customerservices@mycarrypotty.com   or call +44 (0)1202 763711. The washing instructions on My Little Training Pants state the maximum laundering conditions to maximise the life of your pants.     You must return any items within 14 days of your delivery, unused, in perfect condition and complete with original packaging intact.  Please ensure both the product and packaging are not damaged whilst in transit. You are responsible for the item until we receive it at our warehouse. We will be happy to refund the original price of the item or send you an exchange.  The money will be refunded to the original payment method you’ve used during the purchase. For credit card payments it may take 5 to 10 business days for a refund to show up on your credit card statement.  If we discover the returned product does not meet these conditions upon inspection, we reserve the right to refuse a refund on the item. Please note that this does not affect your statutory rights. We strongly advise that a proof of postage certificate should be obtained when returning your order for peace of mind on both ends. We regret that postage, packing and insurance are direct costs and cannot be refunded by us. Please include your order details and send returns to:   My Carry Potty Returns KMUK C/O ORIENTAL GLOBAL LOGISTICS     Unit B     Crosspoint Distribution Park  Swallowfield Way  Hayes  UB3 1DQ United Kingdom   