URL: https://mymilliemoon.com/en-US
TITLE: Millie Moon | Luxury Diapers, Training Pants & Sensitive Wipes

Choose your location
United States
Continue

Diapers

Training Pants

Wipes

About

Size Guide
Find Us
Diapers so soft, they feel like a cloud
Our Luxury Diapers
Our Products

We go to great lengths to provide the most premium experience. Only high quality materials are used and you’ll find no lotions, latex and fragrances in the Millie Moon range.  All of our products are expertly crafted with sensitive skin in mind.

CloudTouch™ Softness
4.6/5 (570)
Luxury Diapers

From $8.97

View Product
DreamFit™ Waistband
4.6/5 (570)
Luxury Training Pants

From $26.99

View Product
99% Natural Formula
4.6/5 (570)
Sensitive Wipes

From $7.97

View Product
99% Pure Water
4.6/5 (570)
Water Wipes

From $11.99

View Product
EverDry™ Layer
4.6/5 (570)
Overnight Luxury Diapers

From $26.99

View Product
Product Features
Luxury Diapers
Luxury Training Pants
Luxury Overnight Diapers
Sensitive Wipes
99% Pure Water Baby Wipes
Only Millie Moon Luxury Diapers have CloudTouch™ Softness for ultimate comfort.
Expertly crafted with an enhanced fiber blend to be feather soft and made with a high-GSM topsheet to instantly absorb moisture, our diapers are designed to keep skin dry and help reduce rashes.
CloudTouch™
Softness
Up to 12 Hour
Absorbency*
Feather
Soft
Dermatologically
Tested
Find Comfort
Only Millie Moon has CloudTouch™ Softness for ultimate comfort. Made with an enhanced fiber blend to be feather soft, our diapers are dermatologically tested and quality certified by world leading organizations.

Diapers so soft, they feel like a cloud.
Our Luxury Diapers
Because your baby deserves the moon
Here at Millie Moon, we think your little one deserves the very best. The moon, in fact. Which is why we have made it our mission to provide a range of luxury diapers, training pants and sensitive wipes that are expertly crafted, luxuriously soft and designed to perform.

Learn More
Award-winning diapers from only
$8.99
We've made it even easier to try Millie Moon Luxury Diapers and Training Pants. Our NEW Convenience Bags are available at Target from only $8.99, meaning you can try the award-winning diaper for less!
Where to Buy
Our partnership with Reach Out and Read
We are proud to support Reach Out and Read, an early literacy nonprofit helping children on their reading journey, with an annual donation. Your purchase of Millie Moon helps us continue to support this incredible organization.
Learn More
Quality Certified
Dermatest Approved
Sustainably Sourced
Cruelty Free and Vegan
Oeko-Tex Certified

Certified by Dermatest, an independent dermatological testing program, Millie Moon products are gentle on your little one's delicate skin. The Dermatest seal certifies that results show the product to be free from contact skin allergens and reactors in sensitised volunteers in controlled testing.

Happy Parents
Incredibly Soft

I absolutely love these diapers! They are incredibly soft- not scratchy or crepey, keep my baby's bottom dry- even when super saturated after sleeping for 7+ hours, and do not irritate my baby's sensitive skin. This super picky mama definitely recommends these for disposables.

Mel

Perfect Fit!

Amazing quality, super thick and hold plenty! Fit my 8.5lb baby PERFECTLY who is in between newborn and 1 in my old brand.

Rebecca

Great for sensitive skin!

I am obsessed with Millie Moon diapers! I was floored when I opened the box and felt the product. The diapers are incredibly soft and solved my daughter's itchy problem, and she seems much happier! I can't tell you how in love I am with this product.

Martina

SO soft!

I bought a few of the trial packs for my babies and I am shocked at how much I love these diapers. They are so soft. The fit is wonderful. They are more absorbent compared to the other disposable diapers we've been using. And most importantly, almost all other diaper brands cause allergic reactions for my babies' sensitive skin. This brand did not cause any allergic reactions. 5 years of parenting and this is the first time I am happily bragging about a diaper!

Caseb

So soft so absorbent!

Wow wow wow new favorite diapers!! Super duper soft, and a good fit on my chunky girl. These do seem to run a touch large, but it works for us. Absolutely no issues with leaks, even after 12 hour nights. Give them a try!

Zoe

You need these diapers!

I can't believe I just found these diapers at Target! My little one has sensitive skin and we tried so many different brands of diapers - I came across Millie moon and wow I am amazed! They're super soft and no diaper rashes at all

Mamabear

Love these super soft diapers

We have tried every brand of diaper for our little ones. These are by far the best fitting, best quality, ultra soft, and leak proof. They call them Luxury diapers and I would absolutely agree, but you're not paying a premium price compared to the other brands. They don't get that weird chemical smell once wet and can hold a lot of mess if the diaper gets too full.

Bri

Favorite Diaper

New mom here! I was very hesitant at first purchasing Millie Moon after reading a few reviews about diaper rashes; however, I have learned that literally ALL babies are different. These diapers work so well for my daughter. The sizing is a bit different than most brands, but in my opinion that is the only drawback. The diaper feels more comfortbale and is def the luxury of diapers!

Tramirez

Love!

I originally was using swaddlers but didn't like that they had a scent. These are fragrance free. Bonus is they are soooo soft! They hold up really well. We've been using them for 6 months now and I don't plan on using another diaper. He has sensitive skin and has never had a reaction to these

TG

Love these super soft diapers

These are the only disposable diapers we use on our youngest. Otherwise we cloth diaper. I'm very exclusive about ingredients and these are good for us. They feel softer than most 100% cotton underwear!!!! You must feel them!!! Then you'll understand and only buy them too! lol… but seriously.

JH

Best Diapers We've Ever Used - Always Will Use!

We've been using Millie Moon diapers since my baby was a newborn, and I can't recommend them enough. They've never leaked—not once—which gives me total peace of mind day and night. The quality is amazing: they're strong, super soft, and feel really premium. Most importantly, my baby has never had a diaper rash or any allergic reaction while using them. If you're looking for reliable, gentle, and effective diapers, Millie Moon is absolutely worth it!

Domino

Award-Winning Luxury Baby Products

Best Baby & Toddler Products of 2023

Parents' Picks Awards

Find us at
Find your nearest store
Our Instagram

Our Instagram feed is hidden because it needs cookies from Instagram. Manage cookie settings

PRODUCT

Luxury Diapers

Training Pants

Overnight Diapers

Sensitive Wipes

99% Pure Water Baby Wipes

ABOUT US

Where to Find Us

About Millie Moon

Charity Partnership

Storybook

HELP & ADVICE

Guides

FAQs

Size Guide

Contact Us

Careers

Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Cookies Policy
Cookie Settings

© 2026 Millie Moon®, a property of Rascals International Limited. All rights reserved.

United States