URL: https://www.staydry.com.au/products/girls-toilet-training-bundle
TITLE: Girls Toilet Training Bundle | Girls Underwear – Staydry

Skip to content
Menu
Our Brand
Stockists
NDIS
Stories
Customer Care
Upparel
Login
B2B Login
1800 684 878
Shop All
Underwear

Dive into the world of Move dry Briefs, where comfort meets empowerment in perfect harmony.

Women Underwear
Teens Underwear
Mens Underwear
Kids Underwear
Bedding & Home

Every night promises comfort and tranquility with Staydry's Sleep-Dry Bedding & Home range.

Bed & Chair Pads
Mattress Protectors
Pillows & Pillow Protectors
Quilts
Quilt Covers
Pure Wool Collection
Absorbent Floor Mats
Waterproof Sheets
Bundles
Mobility

Be ready for spontaneous adventure with Staydry’s Adaptive and Outdoor range, designed to keep you moving and exploring without a hitch.

Adaptive & Mobility
Floor Mats
Call
Search
Cart
Cart
Girls Toilet Training Bundle
Select Kids Undies (Size):
2-4
4-6
6-8
Select Little Boss Kids Bed Pad (Colour):
Woodland Magic
Safari Adventure
Select Kids Water Resistant Quilt Cover set (Colour):
Happy Days
Blooms
Quantity
Decrease quantity for Girls Toilet Training Bundle
Increase quantity for Girls Toilet Training Bundle
Regular price
$211.00 USD 
Sale price
$169.00
Tax included.
Add to cart
01
Product details
Girls Toilet Training Bundle

The Ultimate Support for Potty Training Success!

Potty training can be messy, but with the our  Girls' Toilet Training Bundle, you get everything you need for a smooth and stress-free experience. Designed for day and night protection, this bundle keeps your child comfortable while giving you peace of mind.

What’s Included?

Water-Resistant Quilt Cover – Protects against night-time accidents while keeping your little one cosy.
Absorbent Training Undies – Look and feel like real underwear, designed for small accidents.
Boss Bed Pad Protector – Waterproof, ultra-absorbent, and easy to wash for mess-free nights and mornings.

Why Parents Love It:

✔ Less Laundry, More Confidence – Keep bedding dry and training on track.
✔ Soft, Breathable & Comfortable – Perfect for all-day and night-time wear.
✔ Eco-Friendly & Reusable – A sustainable alternative to disposable training products.
✔ Mess-Free Mornings – Easy to clean, saving you time and effort.

Make potty training a breeze with the Staydry Girls' Toilet Training Bundle! (Single bed size only) ✨

For expert tips on toilet training read here. 

Learn here how to pay using NDIS Funding

NDIS Program
Customer Reviews
 5.00 out of 5
Based on 1 review
 
 1
 
 0
 
 0
 
 0
 
 0
Sort by
Most Recent
Highest Rating
Lowest Rating
Only Pictures
Pictures First
Videos First
Most Helpful
25/10/2025
Ashleigh Johnstone
Amazing toilet training product set

Amazing products. The material is so soft and comfy to sleep in and so absorbent for any night time toilet training accidents. I love the patterns on the doona cover and so does my daughter. They undies are also comfy and really absorbent.

02
Customer Reviews
Katarina
“StayDry - 5 stars!”

StayDry were amazing with their most helpful customer service and the product was shipped super fast! The 'Kids Little Boss Bed' product has been a game- changer for us amidst our toilet training journey for our little one, I highly recommend it! 5 stars!

★★★★★
Victoria
“The Staydry products are exceptional…”

The Staydry products are exceptional quality and initial customer service was brilliant but what I always find separates a good company from a great company is in how they handle an after sales issue. In this, Staydry is a great company. I had an issue with a recent order and the professional and efficient way it was handled once notified, truly sets them apart from the pack. You can purchase from this company with the utmost confidence.

★★★★★
Dan McLauchlan
“BEST waterproof bedding around”

Absolutely love this company. Could not live without their beautiful bed inserts. They are plush, warm and waterproof- everything we need! Have purchased often and order is always on the doorstep within a few days. I’ve tried other waterproof bed products in the past and nothing comes close to StayDry.🙂

★★★★★
William Barker
"Quality always."

We have bought from you for years. Never have we been disappointed.

★★★★★
03
Blog Stories
READ ALL
How Long Should a Waterproof Mattress Protector Last?

A good waterproof mattress protector is your mattress’s best friend. It shields...

READ MORE
How Do I Protect My Mattress from Urine? A Practical Guide

Urine accidents can happen to anyone children, adults, elderly loved ones or...

READ MORE
How to Wash Waterproof Mattress Protectors (Without Ruining Them)

A good waterproof mattress protector keeps your bed fresh, dry and protected...

READ MORE
Are Waterproof Mattress Protectors Breathable? Everything You Need to Know

Wondering if waterproof mattress protectors are breathable? The answer is yes —...

READ MORE
<
03 / 04
>
04
Stockist
STORE LOCATOR
You can pick up a Staydry product anywhere, anytime at any of our trusted partners.
Use our Store Locator to find a retailer in your location.
Call Us
Send an Email

© Copyright 2025 Staydry ABN 67167519039

Join our newsletter
Submit

I would like to receive newsletters from Staydry and have read the Privacy Policy

Our Brand
Customer Care
Account
Stockists
NDIS
Shipping
Returns
FAQs
Terms of Service
Accessibility
Shop our brands and find your dry style.
Enter your details to claim and join our community.
Email
UNLOCK DISCOUNT