URL: https://hellobloomkids.com/checkouts/cn/hWNHeqX5G5gwGS0Qn8f6VdVS/en-us?_r=AQAB_AAqY5f6Tvhwha6VVsqPhO0ZQxrGDk_FqrcCHBU1SLPw9F60&auto_redirect=false&edge_redirect=true&skip_shop_pay=true
TITLE: Checkout - Hello Bloom Kids

Skip to content
Navigate to Online Store
Hello Bloom Kids Checkout
Due to high demand your order is reserved for:
09:53
Express checkout
By continuing with your payment, you agree to the future charges listed on this page and the 
cancellation policy
.

⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐ 4.9/5 from 100k+ Satisfied Customers

Step 1/3 : Email or Phone
Sign in
Email
Used for your order confirmation and cart reminders
Delivery
Country/Region
United States
First name (optional)
Last name
Address
Apartment, suite, etc. (optional)
City
State
 
Alabama
Alaska
American Samoa
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
Micronesia
Florida
Georgia
Guam
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Marshall Islands
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Northern Mariana Islands
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Palau
Pennsylvania
Puerto Rico
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
Washington DC
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming
U.S. Virgin Islands
Armed Forces Americas
Armed Forces Europe
Armed Forces Pacific
ZIP code
Shipping Method

Enter your shipping address to view available shipping methods.

Secure Checkout

All transactions are secure and encrypted. Your order includes free returns and 24/7 access to our award-winning customer service

Credit card
+5
Card number
Expiration date (MM / YY)
Security code
Name on card
Use shipping address as billing address
PayPal
Add discount
Remember me
Save my information for a faster checkout
By paying, you agree to create a Shop account subject to Shop’s Terms and Privacy Policy
Not now

Your cart contains an automatically renewing subscription. By clicking "Submit My Order🎉," you expressly and affirmatively agree that you will be automatically charged the recurring amount(s) shown in your cart (plus shipping and taxes) until the subscription(s) ends or you cancel. You may cancel anytime by going to your account or contacting the store. Please see the 
cancellation policy
.

Finalize order
Submit My Order🎉
Submit
Refund policy
Shipping
Privacy policy
Terms of service
Cancellations
Contact
Order summary
Shopping cart
Product image
Description
Quantity
Price
Quantity
1

The Calm Kids Protocol (Digital System)

1
FREE
Quantity
1

Bloomwise Kids Meltable

buy 2 get 1

Discount code

BUY 2 GET1 (-$34.95)

1
Original price
$34.95
Discounted price

FREE

Quantity
2

Bloomwise Kids Meltable

buy 2 get 1

90 Day Supply

Discount code

BUY 2 GET1

2
$59.42
Scroll for more items
Discount
Discount code
Apply
Submit
Back to finalize order
Cost summary
Item
Value
Subtotal · 4 items
$59.42
Shipping
Enter shipping address
Total
USD
$59.42
TOTAL SAVINGS
$34.95
Recurring subtotal
Does not include shipping, tax, duties, or any applicable discounts
$59.42 every 60 days

60 Day Money-Back Guarantee

1,000,000+ Happy Customers

No Junk Ingredients

Off His Vyvanse & Finally Sleeping

We are on week 2 of giving my adhd son just 1 tablet a day. He no longer stems, is happy and cheerful again and the best part, he has been off his vyvanse for 4 days now. He goes to bed on his own and gets a full nights rest. It’s absolutely wonderful!

Amy Garner, 6 hour's ago
My Daughter Titrated Off 2 of Her 3 Meds — Happier, Laughing & Playing Again

On week 2 of trying this for my son. He loves the taste, and is excited to take them. I’m hoping to see more of a difference in his focus the longer we use them, so far small changes are happening, not as gassy, not complaining that his stomach hurts all the time, meltdowns not lasting as long as they have, and staying asleep throughout the night. I’m doing the recommended dose 2 in the morning 2 before bed! Will update this after a full month!

Déána Marie, 12 hour's ago
Less Gassy, Shorter Meltdowns & Sleeping All Night

Hello fellow adhd moms, so I took the leap of faith and ordered bloomwise kids meltables for my 6 year old son and man even in a few days time we have seen improvement. He came home from school today and said school work felt easier, not only that homework tonight was a night and day difference. Yes he complained but there was no meltdown/ tantrum he did what needed to be done successfully with only a few errors and without being all over the place physically and emotionally. If you want to try this before deciding to medicate I highly recommend.

Samantha Turner, 1 day ago
Homework Was Night & Day — No Meltdown This Time

You will probably laugh at this but diet is huge, we focus on healthy proteins everyday, we cut out all dyes and as much as we can with artificial flavors. My oldest is 6 and has adhd. I recently started him on bloomwise kids meltable tablets and in 6 days we have already seen some improvements and so has his teacher.

Emily Reddington, 2 day's ago
Improvements in 6 Days — His Teacher Noticed Too

This has so far been a game changer for my 8 year old who has severe focus issues and random melt downs... melt downs come less often and do not last as long, and his focus has greatly improved. We are on week two.

Sarah Sunshine Gruebele, 4 day's ago
A Game Changer for My 8-Year-Old's Focus & Meltdowns

I read a testimonial two weeks ago. Im at the end of my ropes with the meltdowns and behavior issues. This is day 4. The transformation is amazing i am so excited that these work! Highly recommend! You won't be disappointed!

Mary Turner, 2 day's ago
Day 4 and the Transformation Is Already Amazing

I started giving my 2 kids these on March 27th. I originally ordered from the company but my shipping was delayed so I also ordered a bottle from Amazon. We started with those - my kids didn't mind the flavor but didn't love it. We kept taking them but they would just kind of swallow them with water and wouldn't chew them or let them melt. When my bottles came from the company, we started the new heart-shaped ones. My girls like those MUCH better (both in size and taste). I have been giving 2 in the morning and 2 at night, as directed. My daughter, who has ADHD and Anxiety w/ Adjustment disorders, has titrated completely off 2 of her 3 meds. She is happier, laughing more, playing with her sister and not fighting, she is following directions better. I haven't seen much of a difference academically yet, but I have 2 bottles left after this one - and I feel like I will continue seeing positive results. Will update soon! So far, this has been a HUGE blessing for us. 🙏💗

Amber M. Black, 3 day's ago
Opens external website in a new window.
Opens in a new window.
Opens external website.